hey everybody welcome back sinner online
plays The Binding of Isaac after birth
plus let's go blue baby dark path I got
a I need to make like a template post-it
note that I can look at myself and be
like this corresponds to this at
coordinate uh you know x equals to y
okay blue let's stop cue nine and nine
ijen as blue baby you we're gonna try to
go negative path I gotta be honest I
booted up the game right here I don't
think I'm seeing the board that well
sometimes I boot up Isaac and it's like
it's just interfaced with my neural
network it's like oh well that's a
pretty good start I don't even need to
think about it I just I just play this
time I'm looking at it and I gotta like
send the actual instructions to my brain
I gotta be like oh well move over here
do this do this not feeling it
instinctual yet but maybe that's good
because I've been feeling it
instinctually lately and not necessarily
playing that well we've got a couple of
recent losses and a couple of erroneous
videos it sounds like the video itself
was an error as long as it's
entertaining I don't believe that's the
case however videos that were error
prone let's put it that way we're gonna
try to work past that and get something
done here if we could do the hush fight
that would be good you wouldn't
too bad pills right off the bed as an
insult it's alright though because I can
feel it you know we got two of clubs and
two bombs that's kind of like it's an
equilibrium point we got four bombs
carrying capacity right now our K value
as far as I'm concerned that's eight
spirit hearts three tinted rocks and a
golden chest I meant to say three small
rocks in the golden chest obviously that
would have been ridiculous to begin with
but either way um putting it to five
cents we could also buy a spirit art but
we're probably good I'm thinking squeezy
in this boss room magic mush in the item
room and and we're good to go
and I'm also thinking I'll probably
never take a freaking pill as long as I
live in this dang game rate of fire
decrease followed by a
one that just takes the HP right out of
my HP wallet not okay just continue to
move along here I don't know I don't
mind a blue baby start we can get the
the gears pump it and the juices
marinating I don't mind it but no no
I've been trying to like will these hush
fights into existence lately sometimes
just doesn't work you know that's like a
sometimes food like the Cookie Monster
remember the uproar a couple years ago
the Cookie Monster yeah if you're not
familiar with the Cookie Monster I don't
know you probably are but for those of
you who are from an area in which Sesame
Street is probably not as prominent I
mean it does that exist and it's
probably translated into like eighty
five languages but either way the Cookie
Monster he's a monster eats cookies so
you go c is for cookie that's good
enough for me maybe ten years ago they
were like oh we're a little concerned
about you know the obesity epidemic hey
we're gonna have the Cookie Monster not
eat so many cookies I mean this is like
a preview of what it was like to be on
the Internet in 2017 a year ago people
uproar PC culture has gone too far with
Cookie Monster's eating apples all of a
sudden I'm of two minds about it on the
one hand is it bad to have Cookie
Monster oh that's the good stuff is it
bad to have Cookie Monster eating some
healthy foods
I would suggest now then again our kids
watching the Cookie Monster and going
hey mom I want to eat cookies every day
for the rest of my life maybe maybe not
I'm gonna say probably not I don't think
you should be the Cookie Monster though
I think you should be like the calorie
monster and you should really care about
his macronutrient ratios so early in the
morning make sure I have a protein and
carb rich meal that's a little bit fat
the fish in later at night you switch to
the protein plus fat meals cuz you don't
want to carve up before bed all of a
sudden you got kids looking like young
Tarzan making America's skinny again one
slap at a time like Vince said I have no
idea what I'm talking about
either way the floor went fine we didn't
get hit we got a bad trip pill I take no
responsibility for that as we head down
to the next floor Jacob's Ladder is a
lovely item
little Tesla curl for this room not to
have a tinted rock is actually a slap in
the face you went to the rock store and
you said you know what give me a handful
and if a tinted rock finds its way in
there that would be for the best and
they they sorted through them and said
no doesn't look like our secret room is
gonna border the cursed room either so
we're kind of at the at the behest of
the game and right now these will work
they sort of work what if we just shoot
like now okay I just don't want to put
myself too much in harm's way three
bombs takes us out of that early
equilibrium so we actually like can
generate more than four bombs total with
the two of clubs now we kind of need HP
because if I it's like I got really
close to getting it there but it if I
get hit at all we're like in the danger
zone I definitely want parasite if you
like parasite Jacob's Ladder is a
wonderful combination but I don't want
to take it until we're sure of our bomb
situation like we can get to eight and
then use one of our eight bombs to get
it as fine it's far from bad but we're
kind of in tight so I want to just make
sure that we're maximizing all of our
available advantages cuz really you know
we put in this time in the early game we
could be set it's like compound interest
you know you ever do one of those
compound interest calculators by the way
it came up in math class when I was like
16 and you're like well if you start
putting the $100 a week in your bank
account with 3% compounded you know
biannually then blah blah blah and
you're like wow by the time I'm 50 I'm a
literal billionaire don't don't do those
calculations when you're 28 you're
already past that point where you're
like well if I start now I gotta at
least get an adequate level you know
it's not to say it's lost cause it's
still you know worth doing but those
numbers look a lot better when you're
younger then again think about it now
you know better to do it when you're 28
and when you're 60 probably let's go
back and get our items we do have two
keys so we could either check out the
shop and save a key or
can check out the the double key room
and I'll probably check out the double
key room a sob post I'm ray you know
we've been silly so far in this episode
and that's okay but I saw a post on
reddit a long time ago that actually and
I don't get inspired that often this
actually could be our secret room now
that I look at the floor layout I don't
get it inspired that often I don't I
have an acquaintance of mine he's been
in school for 80 years and if you're
watching this I don't think you are but
if you're watching this I mean no
disrespect but he posts this help the
self-help sup on Facebook all the time
all the time all day every day and I'm
like it's like you know your success is
what you make it and I'm like dude just
you've been in a school the scholastic
program since you know we met in 2006
it's like almost 12 years ago at this
point you gotta stop posting these
self-help memes and start you know turn
yourself into Jeff Bezos but I digress
and that stuff I kind of roll my eyes at
to some extent even though he's he's an
acquaintance of mine however let's fight
this boss saw post on Reddit Nimbus I I
forget to ask reddit thread but the gist
of it was like you know what was what's
the most inspiring thing you've ever
heard and the guy was like well I like I
washed out of my career at 30 or
something like that and I was thinking
about going back to school but I didn't
want to because by the time I finished
my undergrad I was gonna be like oh we
can't take it I can't take it we're
still in a great spot though we can
maybe get mega Satan as a result of
skipping that deal with the devil by the
time I finished my undergraduate degree
you'll be like 34 and then his friend
just like hit him with a most like
blue-collar obvious like matter-of-fact
advice he's like well you're gonna be 34
either way would you rather be 34 you
know having completed the degree or be
34 without the degree still wondering
what if so you know whenever I think you
know you see people all the time they're
like god it's too late to do this I wish
I'd done this with my life you're still
gonna be old one day God willing anyway
would you rather be old and have taken a
shot or the old saying a good thing
gotta
waste my time taking a shot you know I
always found that inspiring basically
the idea that you know you're screwed
either way might as well go for it can
we maybe get into this secret room as
well this runs weird right now the
damage is good the rate of fire is bad
but it's actually not that bad because
we get a lot of value out of every
single one of our tiers thanks to
parasite plus Jacob's Ladder so we're
doing like our damage output is way
better than the stats would have you
believe and usually I'm I'm selling you
on the opposite I'm going oh just cuz we
have 20 damage and four rate of fire
doesn't mean this runs good let's go
peep this or the shot of thing
so we're in a an aberrant circumstance
here and I'm very happy for it however
we want to fight hush if possible we're
not there statistically yet rarely are
you there statistically necessarily but
we're not there yet it's worth noting we
want to fight mega Satan if possible we
can get those done on the same run and
we might have the chance we got the bomb
certainly for now at least and we got
the we got the power to kill the angel
statues we just need the actual luck of
the the draw here to get the angel
statues to begin with and if we can get
say Sacred Heart for example as well I'm
not gonna kick it out of bed freedom
crackers
by the way show of hands you watching
this video you eat in bed explain to me
why I want to know cuz I there's been
times in my life where I eat in bed when
I had a laptop computer I mean I still
have a laptop when my primary computer
was a laptop you know you put it on your
bed instead of your desk get a plate as
long as you're not even you know chili
or like a gazpacho or something like
that you're probably okay we can't I
mean I'm going to but we should
I really care about it we could blow it
up but I don't think it's worth it if
you're if you're an adult though when
you're eating in bed I'm not gonna tell
you what to do cos it adults they don't
like being told what to do and I I don't
like being told what to do either except
by my wife we have an equitable
relationship in that department however
shouldn't be eaten sandwiches in bed as
an adult that's just my personal opinion
I would rather you eat on a paper plate
at a table while sitting down then eat
on a ceramic plate in bed you're just
gonna get crumbs all over you but you're
gonna roll over them while I roll over
them as you you're asleep you can't
control if you're rolling over the
crumbs what do you think you're gonna
cleanliness superhero nobody I know some
clean people in my life let me tell you
this none of them are eating sandwiches
over a a plate on their bed they're
sitting down at the dining room table
having a conversation with their family
we're gonna get about on pace for boss
rush which we have done as blue baby but
you know they always like to teleport
out as well if possible kind of figured
we wouldn't get anything particularly
special on this floor in terms of like
deals but we'll move on nonetheless I
really do what the spirit heart I'm not
gonna take it not gonna take magic much
magic mush
one day still HP is good five and am
spirit arts we can take a deal with the
devil we'd rather take a deal with the
angel we'll see how it progresses I'll
be honest with you like I uh when I
lived in South Korea I ate on my bed
that's because my apartment was about
eight square feet it was a bad idea
there's also that combined with I was
like if I be who cares if I make this
place jerky
I'll do it unlimited bombs that's
perfect
I'm just saying I had nothing to lose
but you know sometimes you gotta you
gotta act we asked that dining room
table you know it could be the start of
something beautiful can you please like
die faster but also give me its years
upgrade and a range upgrade even like
this is surprisingly low range I'll open
it extremely worth it in like a mundane
degree to a mundane degree I want a fire
like it's tough because I want to fire
more often but I know that the more I
shoot the more we're gonna get these
fire mine shots to pop in them the more
dangerous my life is gonna become as a
result don't talk about that damage
that's embarrassing to me what makes you
small bad gas not worth the it's not
even worth one of our unlimited bombs in
my opinion
stop no I knew we should not have taken
the range upgrades nice by the way we
should not have taken fire mine it's a
difficult situation for me because the
damage is amazing and also you notice
like Jacob's Ladder is actually
spreading the fire mind around so like
the enemies we're facing are getting
screwed by fire mind as well
fire mine is the only thing that wins
here you know it's proving that it's
influences is dominating here I was
gonna say domineering and changed at the
last second and it became dominating it
pronounced it weird
put the emphasis on the wrong syllable
as Mike Myers says in the classic
Gwyneth Paltrow vehicle view from the
top a movie that has largely been
forgotten because it looks like not very
good alright this run is like one big if
statement it's all conditional it's good
except when it's not you know we got to
tears upgrade except when we don't but I
think it's working more or less would
love to buy a spirit heart instead you
know we're not using the poop for
anything so we'll take mystery gift and
we'll try to pop this on a little deal
with the Angels situation I'm also torn
like a Natalie Imbruglia song because
hash in a shot that time that could have
exploded I probably should be blowing up
all these mushrooms but I want to make
the best play possible for us to get
this is where we started though the best
play possible for us us to get to the
hush fight which requires us to maybe go
a little bit faster like twisters verse
on slow jams but I don't know if we're
throwing the baby out with the bathwater
in that situation you know what I mean
like are we are we gonna start going too
fast that we just die we would have been
better off having you know some more
modest aims
or are we right to put the pedal to the
metal here and try for the true
greatness instead of just a small
acceptance of meager rewards I believe
that that is still the second secret
room all dude infamy is legit
that was stupid but I did get the second
secret room out of it all right
all right all right all right over okay
the stain is no big deal this is the
worst attack though but even when we
miss with our shots we can still light
him on fire we can still hit him with a
little electricity well if he pops up
close he's gonna be some serious trouble
we're like one full floor behind
schedule for boss rush but if we get
lucky we can make up that time later no
deal that hurts me
wait a seventy two point five percent
chance and you you slap me in the face
but you know what means we get to hold
on to mystery gifts for a triumphant
return later might not be doing too much
for us right now
but I believe in the power of the the
late-game mystery gift
oh and skinny odd mothers like that odd
mushroom is decent we can absorb the
speed downgrade we like the mild damage
upgrade plus the extra HP we got keys
I'm willing to leverage those keys you
got to spend keys to make keys not
touching those though this is like if we
could fight that enemy all day every day
and what a what a turn of events we can
now see the map hello Kate
enjoy have fun kind of a weird thing to
say to somebody about to go to a
doctor's appointment but you know it's
all hell so the guiding a guiding value
in my life okay so I would I would give
up on the boss rush dream I don't think
it's it's in the cards for us at the
present moment ooh but speaking of in
the cards I got to get used to not
having unlimited bombs we've got a lot
and that's a that's a boss rush enabler
right there I still believe in the power
of mystery gift on a deal with the angel
and or devil in fact we really want to
get clever and by clever I mean probably
a little stupid we could if we get a
deal with the devil we could still try
to push for a deal with the angel by
using mystery gift to get a devil item
for free but that leaves us like four
chances to get to angel rooms which I
would you know you could run like some
kind of linear regression on that hot
and fresh out the kitchen
mama rollin that yn X y equals MX plus B
got every man in here
is solving for the you know y-intercept
so we did get a deal with the devil
magic mush is beautiful we didn't have a
damage multiplier so it's a big help ma
the void is excellent
ayah Belial the way I see it right now
we read like Robert Frost two roads
diverged in a wood if we don't take mob
the void then we're committing to trying
to get the angel statue fighting mega
Satan if we do get mob the void we're
committing to the hush path and the- i
think the smart money is on going for
mob the void here also know i was
thinking of a theme that's wrong this
mob the void doesn't allow us to give
demon hearts does it Wow
so I of bleiel is exquisite with
parasite plus jacob's ladder' plus fire
mines so really what we have to do is
just stay away from any enemies we could
totally I did not expect this by the way
I didn't realize this energy was so
strong we also have eleven damage but we
stay away from the enemies we could
totally make boss rush here and we could
teleport out but we could also fight
boss rush just just to get the items
because it seems like this is gonna be
like very much on the easy side I will
say we did not need mob the void at all
what does jumper cables do again I
totally forgot jumper cables it's like
when you fight a boss you jump jumper
cables Isaac I knew this at one point
one bar of charge for every 15 enemies
killed we don't have a we don't have an
item right now so like a spacebar items
so I think we just kind of don't take
that
[Music]
it's pretty terrible well we kind of
screwed ourselves there let's fight the
boss moon card out of boss rush can
always get dad's key although it's
unlikely do you want to take the
negative oh how could you not take holy
light in this situation and steam sales
actually great as well so it's like dude
a hundred percent chance we will at
least make it to the hush fighting or at
least let's be a little bit more
conservative time is not gonna be the
limiting factor if we don't make it to
the hush fight HP is gonna be the
limiting factor but like we have made up
an outrageous amount of time very
quickly and this I I'm calling it it's
not the strongest run we've ever had but
it's one of the best synergies for tear
effects you've ever had every holy light
shot pierces and also infects every
other enemy with holy light that it hits
at least now we can't do that not with
the negative copy dream is pretty low
percentage but like considerate
dude when an enemy gets hit they get hit
like 15 times fast bombs is pretty bad
you know what
what would NL do and L would come in
here
that's wouldn't really suggest that as a
positive they're 22 cents Steam sale and
some extra bombs to me that indicates we
can go back to our shop and try to play
around with it a little bit without any
mapping I guess there's like a mild
chance you wouldn't be able to make it
to our to our hush fight but we're
looking pretty good this could be a
second school is indeed so we good
fighting the angel statue doesn't give
us anything but it's one of you ever
have that situation you're like I know
this isn't gonna work but I gotta try it
could have gotten something out of it I
think I might need the spear at heart so
well check and with Steam sale we don't
really want anything there we got a
check for like something jar of flies is
actually excellent we don't need any
more spirit arts just jar of flies is
worth the the money spent here already
diplopia meet the Pope E is great but it
we're kind of past the use by a date you
know yeah I think we just go so we have
we've leveraged ourselves to to the brim
we're at a great position right now just
stay strong stay away from like every
enemy on the screen and look at all
these flies dude you don't even need to
shoot the enemies to generate the flies
every time you miss you're making flies
yeah yeah this will do this will do
nicely
keep going why not ah it hurts me when
you you give me that chest with infinite
possibilities and then on roll number
one you say sorry shops closed not very
nice also not very nice it's so dim in
here I can't see anything I can't see
where the doors are I can't see my hand
in front of my own face so we are
actually gonna have like an unstoppable
fly are me the flies rarely even get to
kill an enemy our shots just wipe the
enemies from across the map and we just
keep generating more and the idea is you
know hopefully they'll just Corrine into
like the mom's heart fight and destroy
mom's heart without me being at any risk
whatsoever
it's good because we want all this is
amazing we want the Flies to not kill
anything because the less things the
flies killed the more flies we generate
off of each kill we did get a deal
remember this is what we committed to we
can we can afford to get flying flying
is fine here and that floor took us
about you know 80 seconds to wipe every
enemy off the map plus get more HP plus
the deal with the devil plus you know
generate infinity flies so I'm feeling
real strong about this you might have
been skeptical earlier you were like
what's he talking about best tier effect
ever I'll admit you know we've had some
really great like Polyphemus runs had
some really great proptosis runs but you
got to consider this one to be up there
right now
I asked if you talked about classics
does this name get brought up whatever
this insert episode name here Thank You
flies sometimes you know I get by with a
little help from my flies whoa where
when I shoot if you sunk below ground
I'm not certain but I thank you for my
flies can I find hush and get gold on
this run I'm not certain but you know
I'll try oh I get by with a little help
from my flies I'm gonna try with a
little help from my flash
all my flies are gone like an LCD
soundsystem song alright so just
remember that when you're done with this
you want to go down to Sheol you don't
want to go up up is the bad path this
donation city as far as I'm concerned we
got just enough keys and we're not going
to the chest so I think we don't need
any more mind buying another spirit
heart it should be ok we haven't donated
in a little while so this feels like the
right thing to do you know we the run
gave to us and we're gonna give back to
it right now let me shoot a little it'd
be swell but let's work on smart fly
which is okay and then the D one doubles
consumables when we need this rate of
fire increase dude that is excellent
golden chest with the golden chest
inside of it three cents left
495 feel good about that
now that our rate of fire is increased
keep in mind also got a net before uh we
can actually assuming our range holds
out which it totally does we can just
stand back here rate of fire is getting
absurd we can hit the space bar without
canceling our rate of fire yeah it's
pretty good I didn't notice the charge
bar actually says ma overtop of it
ma ma ma of the void you're a minor
damage up circle shots are up to snuff
ma ma the void deal with the devil okay
that's we almost struck greatness
temporarily to even sniff that that is
an honor
not the fastest hush fight we've ever
had we know we're gonna unlock an item
though and that's good I totally forgot
us do the keeper on this run as we just
unlocked it it's my bed hopefully you're
enjoying the run regardless the rest of
this is gonna be over in like two sweet
which is French for blink and you'll
miss it Thank You infamy for the save it
also deflected us into an area that was
completely safe otherwise sometimes we
get like the ultimate static shots nice
try nice try nice try
I think it's like if a shot explodes on
impact it causes like all the parasites
static tears to explode instantaneously
oh dude infamy is done amazing work for
us so far
come on don't make me change direction
we got triple the rate of fire we're
used to you dog you dirty dog
all right either way we're in the clear
this is a fun hush fight I'm glad we
prioritized this over the mega satan
dream that may have never come to
fruition should have generated way more
flies just remember old fates reward not
very good just remember you're going
down a shoal here this could be a avoid
play if we wanted it to be I'm gonna
stick with the you know what one
annoying
fight per video please plus a to say but
we could actually use some HP I actually
think that for bombs for a demon heart
is like an okay trade right now it's
kind of you know beggars can't be
choosers help should not shoot near
enemies but when enemies teleport around
you it's hard to force that into
existence you know feels like a second
secret room right there oh I knew it
sign happened okay well you know what we
had to check see if our instinct was
correct
it's mauve the void that gives you the
chance to get demon hearts I'm just
scared because I can't really afford to
use it because if the enemies explode
thanks to fire mind we're gonna have to
you know we're in we're in tight this is
what I mean with negative one luck I'm
not fully convinced it's it's the right
play
basically Big Ups I mean that worked out
well okay basically big ups to infamy
for saving me from possibly like having
a chance to be dead right now yeah I
think to be honest with you I talk about
overthinking it a lot I think we're
under thinking this one it's probably
like a much more common problem wow that
was you actually stood no chance
think we just wait for the feet you
shoot the feet we're gonna get like
outrageous damage potential that's all
that could hurt oh excuse me sir now
keep it going now three guppy items out
of these red chests it's happened one
time before in my adult life I believe
it's gonna happen again
there's one there's two there's three
there's four just scene of you're paying
attention okay we got three bad trip
pills to arrange upgrades and then I'm
excited uh certainly I would say if you
look at the Hall of Shame this is a
candidate for worst pill selection of
all time
I hate to say you dude there's it's it's
not likely there's a chance we lose this
one HP is a little low fire mines coming
in hot off the presses Lux not great so
we're not expecting any items down here
I'm not saying we should lose just
saying it's it's plausible there's a
loss residing in here okay evil eye it's
actually pretty solid it never works
like as often as I wanted to but the
shots that come out of it are gonna be
12 out of 10 might be saying nly you
always say 12 out of 10 you never say 13
out of 10
what are you greedy you want a hundred
and thirty percent one hundred and
twenty percent is already like orders of
magnitude above the call of duty world
at war don't get greedy
don't always seem to go you don't know
what you got till it's gone song doesn't
go don't it always seem to go you know
never be content with what you have it's
the the moral of the story is exactly
the opposite of that they didn't paved
paradise and put up an even bigger
paradise unless you drive like an ant v
in which case I imagine a parking lot
probably is paradise I've been in
situations where paradise as a parking
lot driving around you're late for
something oh I got to find a parking lot
real quick probably saying and I'll stop
being a baby just throw your four ways
on and stop in the middle of the road
it's not a conducive strat so we got to
HP I actually would still give us like
better okay now I would not give us
better than 50/50 chances of survival
so I'm gonna take my usually calm
demeanor and become a little bit more
focused at the present moment we got a
spirit heart back all is forgiven
this guy's gonna give us a ten out of
ten tarot card like the hero font and
we're off to the races not even gonna
pick that out this it's an embarrassment
that you would give me that instead of
the item I asked for it you got to shoot
at enemies sometimes if you want to deal
damage buddy just I'm so worried about
the the fire mind pay outs please dude
fire mind is like so good but could it
have like a slightly reduced area of
effect please okay okay we found it
thank God we're fighting an enemy that
never gets close to us right he said
jokingly come on come on come on come on
comes and goes it comes and goes
Whedon could be easy if the winning was
like my dreams oh well that's all right
they're gonna make us work for it two
items big plays
- I'm excited pills know why I didn't
dawn on me they're exactly the same but
alright alright Capricorn was the big
saving grace there but 2020 I mean
damage-wise is gonna be disgusting just
keep in mind we can't stand near the
enemy it's like a police song please
don't stand so close to land oh we did
it we did it no sir
we made it and it was all skill thanks
for watching hope you enjoyed the
episode we all had blue babies soul it's
not the best drinking but either way
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed it
if you did click the like button upside
a great deal of course subscribe if you
want to see more in the future for now
thanks for watching and I will see you
next time